Doc/cxspa 9614: recommendations for image format and CDN (#1577)
SAP/spartacus-docs: _pages/dev/performance/performance-best-practices.md

## Image Format Recommendations

You can improve the performance of your storefront by following these image format recommendations:

- Using WebP or AVIF (AV1 Image File Format) can drastically reduce the size of your images, which can improve the performance of your storefront application.
  - Check browser support for WebP and AVIF formats before using them.
  - Provide fallback options for browsers that do not support WebP or AVIF formats.
- Select the correct compression level for your images to balance image quality and file size.
  - Use lossy compression for photographs and images with gradients.
  - Use lossless compression for images with text, sharp edges, or when quality cannot be compromised.
- Use CDN services that support WebP and AVIF formats to deliver images to users.
- Use vector graphics (SVG) for simple images and icons, which can be scaled without losing quality and have smaller file sizes compared to raster images.
- Use CSS techniques to create simple shapes and icons instead of using images. This can reduce the number of image files needed and improve loading times.

> 

Reviewer: What about adding a bunch of links for further read? e.g.:

For more, see:
    https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/performance/uses-webp-images
    https://web.dev/learn/images/cdn
    https://web.dev/articles/codelab-text-compression-brotli
    https://web.dev/articles/codelab-text-compression
    https://web.dev/articles/compress-images

## CDN Recommendations

> Using a CDN can significantly improve the performance of your storefront by distributing your content across multiple servers located around the world. Here are some best practices for using a CDN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a CDN can significantly improve the performance of your storefront by distributing your content across multiple servers located around the world, close to your end-users. Here are some best practices for using a CDN:
```

- Choose a Reliable CDN Provider: Select a CDN provider that offers good performance, reliability, and coverage in the regions where your users are located.

> - Cache Static Assets: Configure your CDN to cache static assets such as images, CSS, JavaScript files, and fonts. This reduces the load on your origin server and speeds up content delivery to users.

Reviewer: I'd say to maximixe performance, not only static assets should be cached, but also the dynamic server-side-rendered routes (HTML) should be cached.

> - Use HTTP/2: Make sure your CDN supports HTTP/2, which can improve the performance of your storefront by reducing latency and improving the efficiency of data transfer.

Reviewer: I'd recommend HTTP/3 if possible, which is even better

- Enable Brotli Compression: Configure your CDN to compress content using Brotli compression to reduce the size of files transferred over the network.
- Use a Secure Connection: Ensure that your CDN supports HTTPS to encrypt data in transit and protect user privacy.
- Monitor Performance: Monitor the performance of your CDN using available tools to identify bottlenecks and optimize content delivery.
- Optimize Cache Settings: Configure cache settings on your CDN to ensure that content is cached for an appropriate duration and that cache invalidation is handled correctly.

> - Use a Multi-CDN Strategy: Consider using multiple CDNs to improve redundancy, reduce latency, and optimize content delivery for users in different regions.

Reviewer: I'm having problem to understand this strong recommendation. I guess Multi-CDN comes with its own complexity downsides. Could you provide a source which you used to provide this recommendation?

Author: The idea came from [multi-cdn-google](https://cloud.google.com/cdn/docs/choose-cdn-product#use_a_multi-cdn_strategy).

- Implement a CDN Failover Strategy: Plan for CDN outages by implementing a failover strategy that redirects traffic to an alternate CDN or origin server in case of downtime.

> 

Reviewer: Was this section `CDN Recommendations` meant for this PR or for another ticket?
https://jira.tools.sap/browse/CXSPA-9617
If for https://jira.tools.sap/browse/CXSPA-9617, then I'd mention that ideally the dynamic routes (HTML) should be server-side-rendered and cached in CDN. It should contribute positively to Web Vitals metrics like FCP and LCP.

Author: There is definitely some overlap between these two tickets. I decided to write about CDN because there was a link about it in the comments of [CXSPA-9614](https://jira.tools.sap/browse/CXSPA-9614).

Using a CDN can significantly improve the performance of your storefront by distributing your content across multiple servers located around the world, close to your end-users. Here are some best practices for using a CDN:

- Choose a Reliable CDN Provider: Select a CDN provider that offers good performance, reliability, and coverage in the regions where your users are located.

> - Cache Static Assets and Dynamic Prerendered Routes: Configure your CDN to cache static assets, including images, CSS, JavaScript files, fonts, and prerendered routes. This reduces the load on your origin server and accelerates content delivery to users, generally improving Core Web Vitals metrics such as FCP and LCP.

Reviewer: `FCP` is a Web Vital, but not a Core one. For more, see https://web.dev/articles/vitals#core-web-vitals

```suggestion
- Cache Static Assets and Dynamic Prerendered Routes: Configure your CDN to cache static assets, including images, CSS, JavaScript files, fonts, and prerendered routes. This reduces the load on your origin server and accelerates content delivery to users, generally improving Core Web Vital metrics such as LCP.
```
